README.md, before:

# @ciscospark/bowman

[![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/ianwremmel/bowman.svg)](https://github.com/ianwremmel/bowman/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![standard-readme compliant](https://img.shields.io/badge/readme%20style-standard-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/RichardLitt/standard-readme)

[![Greenkeeper badge](https://badges.greenkeeper.io/ianwremmel/bowman.svg?token=f557860f97be2ffae7d9428f5b1521bb54c091b4a7b9364506a700bcb24c7302&ts=1510673251040)](https://greenkeeper.io/)
[![dependencies Status](https://david-dm.org/ianwremmel/bowman/status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/ianwremmel/bowman)
[![devDependencies Status](https://david-dm.org/ianwremmel/bowman/dev-status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/ianwremmel/bowman?type=dev)
[![semantic-release](https://img.shields.io/badge/%20%20%F0%9F%93%A6%F0%9F%9A%80-semantic--release-e10079.svg)](https://github.com/semantic-release/semantic-release)

[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/ianwremmel/bowman.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/ianwremmel/bowman)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/ianwremmel/bowman/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/ianwremmel/bowman?branch=master)

> Monorepo utilities

## Install

```js
npm install @ciscospark/bowman
```

## Usage

### Running your tests

1. (optional) Check if you have tests to run
    ```bash
    bowman check testable --changed
    # => run/skip
    ```

1. List packages that need to be tested
    ```bash
    bowman list testable --changed
    ```
    > You can additionally passed the `--ignore-tooling` switch to only make the testing determination based on package changes.

### Publishing

1. Check anything publishable changed
    ```bash
    bowman check publishable
    # => yes/no
    ```
1. Add dependencies to packages
    ```bash
    bowman deps generate
    ```
1. Get latest published versions from npm and set all packages to them
    ```bash
    bowman version set --latest
    ```
1. Determine next version
    ```bash
    export NEXT_VERSION=$(bowman version next)
    ```
1. Set next version
    ```bash
    bowman version set ${NEXT_VERSION}
    ```

`bowman version next` and `bowman version set <version></version>` are explicitly different steps because you're probably going to need to do other things with `VERSION_NEXT` and by forcing this to be explicit, we avoid several potentially costly callouts to npm.

## Maintainers

[Ian Remmel](https://github.com/ianwremmel)

## Contribute

See [CONTRIBUTE](CONTRIBUTE.md)

## License

&copy; [MIT](LICENSE)

Commit message:

docs(readme): explain how to publish

README.md, after:

# @ciscospark/bowman

[![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/ianwremmel/bowman.svg)](https://github.com/ianwremmel/bowman/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![standard-readme compliant](https://img.shields.io/badge/readme%20style-standard-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/RichardLitt/standard-readme)

[![Greenkeeper badge](https://badges.greenkeeper.io/ianwremmel/bowman.svg?token=f557860f97be2ffae7d9428f5b1521bb54c091b4a7b9364506a700bcb24c7302&ts=1510673251040)](https://greenkeeper.io/)
[![dependencies Status](https://david-dm.org/ianwremmel/bowman/status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/ianwremmel/bowman)
[![devDependencies Status](https://david-dm.org/ianwremmel/bowman/dev-status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/ianwremmel/bowman?type=dev)
[![semantic-release](https://img.shields.io/badge/%20%20%F0%9F%93%A6%F0%9F%9A%80-semantic--release-e10079.svg)](https://github.com/semantic-release/semantic-release)

[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/ianwremmel/bowman.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/ianwremmel/bowman)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/ianwremmel/bowman/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/ianwremmel/bowman?branch=master)

> Monorepo utilities

## Install

```js
npm install @ciscospark/bowman
```

## Usage

### Running your tests

1. (optional) Check if you have tests to run
    ```bash
    bowman check testable --changed
    # => run/skip
    ```

1. List packages that need to be tested
    ```bash
    bowman list testable --changed
    ```
    > You can additionally passed the `--ignore-tooling` switch to only make the testing determination based on package changes.

### Publishing

1. Check anything publishable changed
    ```bash
    bowman check publishable
    # => yes/no
    ```

1. Add dependencies to packages
    ```bash
    bowman deps generate
    ```

1. Get latest published versions from npm and set all packages to them
    ```bash
    bowman version set --latest
    ```

1. Determine next version
    ```bash
    export NEXT_VERSION=$(bowman version next)
    ```

1. Set next version
    ```bash
    bowman version set ${NEXT_VERSION}
    ```
1. Publish

    We felt that actually putting a publish command into this repository might make this a little too easy. Instead, we've got a handy script to publish all your packages. You'll get a bunch of 404s for packages that don't have new version numbers.

    ```bash
    bowman exec -- bash -c 'npm publish --access public || true'
    ```

    > Keep an eye on #8 for the planned addition of a `--publishable` switch.

`bowman version next` and `bowman version set <version></version>` are explicitly different steps because you're probably going to need to do other things with `VERSION_NEXT` and by forcing this to be explicit, we avoid several potentially costly callouts to npm.

## Maintainers

[Ian Remmel](https://github.com/ianwremmel)

## Contribute

See [CONTRIBUTE](CONTRIBUTE.md)

## License

&copy; [MIT](LICENSE)
